Clarify how to deploy a govuk-puppet release (#3009)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/deploy-puppet.html.md

You can deploy Puppet to Staging and Production using the following steps:

> 1. In the [Release app][release-app-puppet], click on the release tag and review

Reviewer: To keep in line with GOV.UK style, replace "click on" with "select". This is because not all users "click", especially if they are using assistive tech.

   the changes listed.

> 1. If all looks right, deploy a newer version of govuk-puppet to staging by using

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. If your change on integration appears as expected, deploy a newer version of govuk-puppet to staging by using
```

Take it or leave it, I remember Jon giving me some good advice about sentences that didn't make the subject explicit for clairity.

>    govuk-puppet to staging by using the 'Deploy to Staging' button.

Reviewer: GOV.UK style point - change Deploy to Staging from code format to bold format. UI elements are always in bold text.

1. Wait 30 minutes or read about [convergence](#convergence).
   You should monitor [Staging Icinga][icinga-staging] and [Staging Smokey][smokey-staging],
   and test anything you're concerned about.

> 1. Repeat the above steps for Production.

Reviewer: I know this ins't part of your changes, but I don't think you need line 30. Line 21 already makes it clear that the following steps are for both environments.

Author: If we removed line 30 we should change some wording and possibly add extra points for production because all these steps (including the links) are specific to staging.

Reviewer: ok no problem, leave it as is
